EDT OPT length=2, error=0; more clearly require draft-ietf-add-resolv… (#27)
ietf-wg-dnsop/draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error: draft-ietf-dnsop-structured-dns-error.md

## Client Generating Request {#client-request}

> To prevent the EDE Option attacks to an EDE OPT-unaware DNS responder

Reviewer: I don't parse this one.

Author: it appears you added () in a later commit to clarify the confusion in this earlier commit, so I am marking this resolved.

> To prevent the EDE Option attacks to an EDE OPT-unaware DNS responder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent the EDE option attacks to an EDE OPT-unaware DNS responder
```

described in {{security}}, the client MUST use

> {{!I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}} to determine the DNS responder supports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{!I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}} to determine whether the DNS responder supports
```

> {{!I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}} to determine the DNS responder supports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a mechanism such as {{?I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}} to determine the DNS responder supports
```

> {{!I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}} to determine whether the DNS responder supports

Reviewer: I still think this is too strong. resinfo should be listed as an example here.

A client can have a policy to control the resolvers it communicates with.

the EDE OPT pseudo-RR.  If the DNS responder does not support the EDE OPT pseudo-RR,

> the client MUST NOT include the EDE OPT pseudo-RR in its DNS query and MUST filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the client MUST NOT include the EDE OPT pseudo-RR in its DNS query to that responder and MUST filter
```

> any EDE OPT that erronously appears in responses from that DNS responder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any EDE OPT that might erroneously appear in responses from that DNS responder.
```

When generating a DNS query to a DNS responder that supports EDE OPT,

> the client includes the Extended DNS Error option Section 2 of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the client includes the Extended DNS Error option (Section 2 of
```

> {{!RFC8914}} in the OPT pseudo-RR {{!RFC6891}} with option-length of 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{!RFC8914}}) in the OPT pseudo-RR {{!RFC6891}} with the OPTION-LENGTH field set to 2,
```

> with the INFO-CODE value 0 ("Other Error") and empty EXTRA-TEXT.  This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the INFO-CODE field set to "0" (Other Error), and an empty EXTRA-TEXT field.  This
```

> signal indicates the client desires the server respond in accordance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signal indicates that the client desires that the server responds in accordance
```

> with this specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the present specification.
```

## Client Processing Response {#client-processing}

> On receipt of a DNS response with an Extended DNS Error option from a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On receipt of a DNS response with an EDE option from a
```

> DNS responder, if DNS responder did not indicate support for the EDE Option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNS responder, if that DNS responder did not indicate support for the EDE option
```

> pseudo-RR via {{I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}}, the requestor MUST discard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pseudo-RR via a mechanisms such as {{I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}}, the requestor MUST discard
```

the data in the EDE OPT.

The following actions are performed if the EXTRA-TEXT field contains valid
JSON:

* The response MUST be received over an encrypted DNS channel. If not,
  the requestor MUST discard data in the EXTRA-TEXT field.

* The response MUST be received from a DNS server which advertised EDE
  support via a trusted channel, e.g., RESINFO

>   {{I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{?I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}}.
```

  the EDE response. For example, the DNS client can learn whether the
  encrypted DNS resolver performs DNS-based content filtering or not
  by retrieving resolver information using the method defined in

>   {{I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{?I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}}.
```

> When the DNS client supports this specification and the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the DNS client and the server
```

> supports this specification, the client learns of the server's support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
support this specification, the client learns of the server's support
```

> via {{I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}} and the client includes the EDE OPT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via a mechanism such as {{?I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}} and the client includes the EDE OPT
```

DNS forwarder will forward that attacker-controlled EDE option. To
prevent such an attack, clients supporting this document MUST discard
the EDE option if their DNS server does not signal EDE support via
RESINFO {{I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}}. As recommended in

> {{I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}}, RESINFO should be retrieved over an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{?I-D.ietf-add-resolver-info}}, RESINFO should be retrieved over an
```
